desktop PC cases come in all shapes and
sizes and custom mod cases can be truly
extraordinary so in today's video I'm
gonna run down my list of the five
weirdest modified cases for a personal
computer that have ever been made number
one the most impractical and downright
creepiest interpretations of a PC case
well it's got to be the coffin PC this
has got to be the strangest way to surf
the web it actually is a full sized
coffin and it comes with all the usual
io and everything including a slide-out
keyboard when you lift the lid of the
coffin inside you'll find the LCD screen
and it's running what looks to be
Windows XP and of course you can't help
but make those usual puns like finally a
computer you can take to the grave
number two is the toilet pc which was
built by NV door I hope I'm pronouncing
that correctly anyway the Creator built
this for quake on 2001 which is a very
long time ago and you can make the usual
wisecracks like this is the as PC
apparently the toilet handle is the on
and off switch so flush the toilet and
it turns on number three sometimes the
coolest and most ingenious ideas are the
simplest and I actually really like this
one this is the Windows XP box mod and
this case is literally somebody took the
box from their windows XP CD and turned
it into a PC case and there was a lot of
work that went into this they in fact
had to build a special frame to house
the very diminutive ITX motherboard that
they included inside all the internal
components have to be separated slightly
from the the cardboard obviously for
heat reasons of course because otherwise
this thing could potentially be a bit of
a fire hazard but I thought that was a
really cool idea to you know repurpose
something like a big windows XP box you
don't tend to see software sold in those
kind of boxes anymore not so much
repurposed and used a really creative
interpretation of a piece
TK's number for the whiskey bottle PC I
got the impression that this was made
from glass I could be wrong I mean if
it's not fair enough but I wouldn't
imagine that if it was made of plastic
that that would be the best you know
type of case to put a computer in
because for heat reasons again but if
it's made out of glass then you really
don't want to drop this things it's
gonna smash to a million pieces
but this must have been either way an
incredibly difficult build to get
everything to work in exactly the way
you can you can see the internal
component components going in all the
i/o going in on one side and how they
actually made this happen must have been
excruciating ly difficult and finally
number five the bender PC from Futurama
now this is truly extraordinary because
the attention to detail is just
absolutely off the scale firstly its
enormous it's actually quite a large
case and one of the standout features of
course has got to be the slot loading
DVD drive that is actually in benders
mouth and I just thought that that was a
really creative concept and for Futurama
fans and of course people who just
really want a novelty custom PC case in
general of course there are tons of
other freaks cases out there across the
web that would make you really question
what the hell the designer was thinking
maybe you just don't want to know so
guys I'm gonna wrap this video up by
asking the following tech question are
you a desktop PC builder do you build
your own custom pcs or do you buy them
from OMS only and of course if you
happen to be a designer if you've built
any weird and wacky custom cases over
the years please email me an info
computing forever.com I'd love to hear
from you and we'll post that up on the
social media and share that with
everybody and take a look at your work
anyway guys thanks so much for watching
this video if you enjoyed it please hit
that like button of course at that big
red subscribe up to keep update
everything that's happening on this
channel you can check out my previous to
you or when I left hand side and of
course there's still plenty more content
to come between now and January first so
stay tuned and I will see you in the
next one bye